Apple28/04/2026 18:07
Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 83c9bf38-ed45-45b6-b1da-daba46a44656
Review date: April 28, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (2)

Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, the app displayed an error message when we tried to purchase the "Premium 10 days" offer . Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPhone 17 Pro Max 
- OS version: iOS 26.4.2

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.

Resources

Learn more about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(b).
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.

Request a call to discuss your app's review
Responder al equipo de revisión de apps